[scheduler] Support wall time events using string dates instead of instants (#21286)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/scheduler/timezone-support/timezone-support.md

Reviewer: I would remove.
We usually don't list all the upcoming improvements in the doc.
Or if you think that one is valuable, then create an issue that explains the feature and add a `:::success` here linking to the issue so that people can upvote 👍

- `08:00` in `America/New_York` (UTC−5)

### Wall-time strings (without `Z`)

A string without a `"Z"` suffix represents a local time.
It is interpreted in `event.timezone` (or `"default"` if no timezone is set).

```ts
const event = {
  id: '1',
  title: 'Morning standup',
  start: '2024-01-10T09:00:00', // 09:00 local time in New York
  end: '2024-01-10T09:30:00',
  timezone: 'America/New_York',
};
```

This event always happens at 09:00 in New York, regardless of DST changes.

{{"demo": "TimezoneDatasetWallTime.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

## The `timezone` field

The `timezone` field on an event determines:

1. **How wall-time strings are interpreted** — a start of `"2024-01-10T09:00:00"` with `timezone: "America/New_York"` means 09:00 in New York (14:00 UTC in winter, 13:00 UTC in summer).
2. **How recurring event rules are evaluated** — a daily event at 09:00 in `Europe/Paris` stays at 09:00 local time even across DST boundaries.

For instant strings (ending with `"Z"`), the `timezone` field does not affect how the start/end are resolved — they are already absolute points in time.
However, it is still used for recurring event calculations.

> If no `timezone` is set, the Scheduler uses `"default"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::success
If no `timezone` is set, the component uses the default timezone of your date library.
:::
```
